Hello everyone today, I will show you how the camera
a bit of course fishing line and coils
coil leadership after those coil
winding up new cutting you wind it up
understood this part she is the very nose
schools have ways special glasses which
ended for some
that the stronger the better after the bowl
skip through all the calcium passes
clean all you do not want so that the mice
as it is not very
so immediately year
if you are a beginner fisherman take three
meters
I also took inside because I no longer
is already beginning to hand me wait 5 years
five years where the trumpeter took a good
set the risk limit do not look
terribly stupid if you send here I
I will do further we take a swim and
specialty gap movie should be
others have a hole
25 rubles that is such a ring too
Thread first into the ring and
is passed to the top of all the time here
this top looked up court
rings after you take a hatchet and
it too is passed brandy roof very
zenko that very often around and very
convenient to do on above the camera that's just
this one old man on this above the clouds
past or twisting
and lend it easy to surprise him to himself
start to
I could walk on the fishing line but firmly that long
before you use a hook in the handle
I am 4 and 125 years old very sharp
good hooks so walls and water
special or sea or just
it's a failure kulinich or ask mom
for that no matter the trap gone
sonic and bone-in-law
violation of terms I use a miser
worldly masks in many ways only later
who forgot
Now you throw it all and it all
make it all make one more simple
language us good luck today cut
and attract only part of the attack and
bow after after you did
you look at how many grams you have it
well written on it . 6 we take
this release this here
ship it on fishing line how to walk and to
I told you in detail write to
comments want to learn hook rods
reel this fishing line is on the way after
dough weight and poke wine
and such a hook should be in the cavity
collected. thank you all for watching
put likes and subscribe to my channel
every day every day of the week its in
new videos all bye